it's now mid-january and the chicks are
quickly growing too big to sit under the
parent they're starting to discover
there's a world beyond the nest down
behind the Boatshed this plucky little
talent still a couple of months from
learning the true purpose of flippers is
taking his first uncertain steps towards
independence soon the chick is given a
very valuable lesson don't annoy the
neighbors for now chicks won't dare
venture far from the nest
[Music]
believe in the shortest excursion
provides plenty of opportunity to
practice the tricky art of rock climbing
[Music]
food is still by far the biggest
preoccupation but instead of just being
fed on demand the chicks are now being
made to work for it the parent forcing
its chicks to chase for a feed
encourages competition where the
strongest and most determined gets fed
first
[Music]
food chasing also helps the chicks build
up strength in preparation for the time
when they'll need to fend for themselves
by adulthood penguins become such fast
runners that over short distances they
can outrun a human
[Music]